Milestone 3 Meeting Log

Meeting date: Sat, June 7, 2025
In attendance: Erich, Collin
Discussed the feedback for Milestone 2
We are planning to do a follow-up meeting that hopefully everyone can make it to, Thursday the 12th @ 9pm.
Collin agreed to start working on use case fixes in our design document
Erich is going to run more tests with our code and try out the other text files we didn’t have access to before to try to get our code more solid.
Updated the ‘backlog’ tab in this document for TODO tasks for the next milestone
Collin and Erich prefer using print statements in the code itself for testing rather than dealing with pytest, I will email Professor Burtt and see if this is an okay way of doing it.  Need to get feedback from Meaghan and Tess on this.
Meaghan, if you see this and are able/willing, would you be able to fix our user story issues Professor Burtt mentioned in our feedback?  See the task backlog for details.
Tess, can you look into the branching issues mentioned, and see if you can expand our branching to be more robust?
EVERYONE: Begin learning about GUI’s in python (design, build, etc…)  This looks like the biggest part of milestone 3, so if you are unfamiliar with GUI’s make sure to do some research and we will discuss next week.


Meeting Date: Thurs, June 12, 2025
In attendance: Meaghan, Tess, Erich
Followed up on previous assignments
Code should be fixed and working correctly now, and the test files all perform correctly
Branch operations should be working, Tess is planning to double check that the branches all work properly.
Meaghan is finishing up user story fixes
After talking to Professor about the unit tests, he strongly suggests using Pytest because it looks good on resumes and will make our lives easier down the line.  So we are planning to use this going forward, need to get input from Collin on this.
Decided on ‘Tkinter’ for our GUI implementation
TODO for Saturday:
Everyone: download and test the code with the test files.  Do some of your own testing to make sure the program is working as expected.  If not, make changes as you see fit.
Tess: Build a wireframe of our GUI and share it with us so we can discuss
Meaghan: Start class definition document (see milestone 3 instructions for details)
Collin: Use case fixes if not finished (from milestone 2 feedback)
Everyone: Learn about Tkinter, used for creating GUI’s.  We need to discuss this as a group on Saturday.


Meeting Date: Sat, June 14, 2025
In attendance: Meaghan, Collin, Erich
Next meeting: Tuesday, June 17 @ 9pm
By Tuesday:
Everyone: Create individual SRS documents
Collin and Meaghan: Create GUI
Erich: Update readme and get clarification from professor on class def. Document
If not finished: use case fixes and user story fixes
Tuesday:
Divide into groups and merge SRS documents for the first time
Discuss GUI progress
Tues-Fri:
Tess and Erich: implement GUI with current code
Merge SRS documents the second time
Finalize readme and class definitions documents
Double check to-do’s from last milestone to make sure those are fixed


Meeting Date: Tue, June 17, 2025
In attendance: Meaghan, Collin, Erich, Tess
Discussed final task assignments
Collin: add names to use cases, separate classes into their own files, any GUI edit considerations
Tess: update readme, update wireframe, any GUI edit considerations
Meaghan: update UML for the class and function descriptions
Erich: gather together all documents and code for submission
Everyone: Finish first SRS merge with partner
Group 1: Erich & Tess
Group 2: Collin & Meaghan
Next meeting: Thursday, June 19 @ 9pm
Final meeting to merge our final SRS document


Meeting Date: Thurs, June 19, 2025
In attendance: Meaghan, Erich, Tess, Collin
Discussed last minute tasks to finish up
Collin: Use cases
Meaghan: UML
Tess: Readme
Erich: Enable program to run from main.py
All tasks will be completed and deliverables will be handed in by Friday @ 11:59pm
Completed the final merge of our SRS document
Next meeting: Tuesday, June 24 @ 9pm
